# Read-From-Files-And-Output-The-Results-Shell-Script

This shell script checks the directory marks and read through all the csv files to get the marks obtained by the students in that course.
All the csv files and marks are generated by the dataset_generator.py file.

## How to use dataset_generator.py file?
It's simple! Just open the directory of that file on terminal and write 
python dataset_generator.py (no of courses) (no of students)

Don't use the () on the above command line.
This will create all the files in the marks folder, and then run the script to find the Highest, Lowest and Average marks in each course and append the results in a new stats.csv file

## 1st Task
Read the file name from courses.txt. Then use it to read the file with that name in marks directory.

## 2nd Task
Read through each line and store it in an array.

## 3rd Task
Compares all the marks from the marks column of that file and record the necessary datas.

## 4th Task
Do this for each file and as you do all these tasks, store the data on stats.csv and move to the next file.

Remember the way I solved this is not the only method. You can do it in your way, this is just to show you how I tackled the question with my understanding.
Hope this helps out all the students who are learning Operating Systems
I, myself as a undergraduate student loved solving problem like this through coding. It was time consuming, frustrating but worth each second. Had to find my own ways to solve the problems and understand how each task is done e.g. Reading each lines in a csv file and storing them, comparing them etc. So I want make it a little bit easier for others to find the guidelines to write good shell scripts.

## More importantly understand how we should approach the task and not how it is done in the most optimal way. Believe me, you will become more proficient as time goes and with how much you practise.
Therefore just understand the problem and do it in your way. If you can then CONGRATS! Now you can optimize it.
